Update for the wagmi article (#17603)
ethereum/ethereum-org-website: public/content/developers/tutorials/creating-a-wagmi-ui-for-your-contract/index.md

## Why is this important {#why-important}

In theory, you could just have people use [Etherscan](https://sepolia.etherscan.io/address/0xC87506C66c7896366b9E988FE0aA5B6dDE77CFfA#readContract) or [Blockscout](https://eth-sepolia.blockscout.com/address/0xC87506C66c7896366b9E988FE0aA5B6dDE77CFfA?tab=read_write_contract) to interact with your contracts. That is great for the experienced Ethereans. But we are trying to serve [another billion people](https://blog.ethereum.org/2021/05/07/ethereum-for-the-next-billion). This won't happen without a great user experience, and a friendly user interface is a big part of that.

## Greeter application {#greeter-app}

There is a lot of theory behind how modern UI works, and [a lot of good sites](https://react.dev/learn/thinking-in-react) [that explain it](https://wagmi.sh/core/getting-started). Instead of repeating the fine work done by those sites, I'm going to assume you prefer to learn by doing and start with an application you can play with. You still need the theory to get things done, and we'll get to it - we'll just go source file by source file, and discuss things as we get to them.

### Installation {#installation}

> 1. The application uses the [Sepolia](https://sepolia.dev/) test network. If necessary, [get Sepolia test ETH](https://cloud.google.com/application/web3/faucet/ethereum/sepolia) and [add Sepolia to your wallet](https://chainlist.org/chain/11155111).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. The application uses the [Sepolia](https://sepolia.dev/) test network. If necessary, [get Sepolia test ETH](/developers/docs/networks/#sepolia) and [add Sepolia to your wallet](https://chainlist.org/chain/11155111).
```
